:memo: Distribute FAQ content to other parts of the docs (#2852)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/other/glossary.md

(via `platform get` or `platform drush-aliases`).
You can also configure them manually.

## Environment

> An [environment](../environments/_index.md) is a standalone copy of your site,

Reviewer: :clipboard: 
```suggestion

An [environment](../environments/_index.md) is a standalone copy of your site,
```

complete with code, data, and running services.

> Your [default branch](../environments/_index.md#default-environment) is the production environment,

Reviewer: :hammer_and_pick: The use of both `branch` and `environment` is something that I've found confusing at times. It might help to lead with the production part?
```suggestion
Your production environment comes from the [default branch](../environments/_index.md#default-environment)
```

> and you can set up any other branch as an identical testing environment.

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: It's not always identical, which is helpful for testing new features.
```suggestion
and you can set up any other branch as a testing environment.
```

When you merge an environment, three things happen:

- Any code changes are merged via Git to the parent branch.
- Your apps rebuilt on the parent branch, if necessary.
  (This is skipped if the same code with the same [variables](../development/variables/_index.md) has been built for any environment.)
- The parent branch is deployed.

## PaaS

A Platform as a Service is an end-to-end hosting solution
that includes workflow tools, APIs, and other functionality above and beyond basic hosting.
The best example is Platform.sh (although we're a little biased).

> ## Platform
> Platform or Platform.sh is the infrastructure which is running all your projects.
> 

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: I wouldn't use `Platform` without the `.sh`. I don't think the original question was so frequently asked, so I think it's fine to get rid of it.
```suggestion
```

## Production plan

A subscription level that allows you to host your production website
by adding a domain and [a custom SSL certificate](../domains/steps/tls.md).

> ## Project

Reviewer: :clipboard: 
```suggestion
## Project

```

A [project](../projects/_index.md) is the site that you’re working on. 
Each project corresponds to one Git repository. 

> A project can contain multiple applications that run in their own isolated containers. 

Reviewer: :pick: I always go for the shorter option. :shrug: 
```suggestion
A project can contain multiple apps that run in their own isolated containers. 
```
